
Bootstrap modules:
Desktop mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap md-based classes
Tablet mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap sm-based classes
Mobile mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap xs-based classes

Create a single really tall section that will use the Bootstrap Grid and take up the entire width of the browser window (minus some margins, of course) for all views: desktop, tablet, and mobile. (Hint: don't forget to have an element with a class='container' or class='container-fluid' wrapping your grid. Remember that to have the grid do something "always", i.e., no matter what browser window size, use the col-xs-... classes. In this case, since we want the section to take up the entire row, use col-xs-12.)

Both the tablet view and the desktop view of what's graded and required is the same. Here is the mockup illustration of the desktop & tablet version of the site (only required graded parts shown):




*** REQUIRED GRADED ASSIGNMENT ENDS HERE ***




OPTIONAL, UNGRADED PORTION IS BELOW:

(OPTIONAL, NOT GRADED) Since in this optional part you will be implementing something more complex than a single section in the Bootstrap grid, remove that section before continuing.

TODO: Maybe make links only available if XS

(OPTIONAL, NOT GRADED) Each section should have an h3-based section heading which should be centered within the section. Use the same Bootstrap class you used for centering the page heading to center the section heading. Use the heading names shown in the mockup illustrations, i.e., "Chicken", "Beef", "Sushi".

(OPTIONAL, NOT GRADED)Layout: In the desktop view, each of the 3 sections should take up equal amount of space on the screen. As you make the browser window wider or narrower, each section should become wider or narrower. 

(Hint: use md-based grid column classes as discussed in Lecture 26 and Lecture 35 among others. It's a 12 grid-based system, so 3 in a row means each grid will take up 4 grid cells, i.e., col-md-4.) For a visual reference of this view, see the desktop mockup illustration below.

(OPTIONAL, NOT GRADED)Layout: In the tablet view, the first 2 sections should be in the first row and be of equal size. The 3rd section should be in the second row and take up the entire row by itself. 

(Hint: use 'sm'-based grid column classes and remember that you don't really need to define a separate 'row' class as you can achieve this layout within a single Bootstrap 'row' as discussed in Lecture 26 and Lecture 35, among others. To have 2 sections take up an entire row, i.e., all 12 columns, each one should take up 6 columns. To make the 3rd section take up the entire width of the browser window, i.e., 12 columns, use col-sm-12.) 

For a visual reference of this view, see the tablet mockup illustration below.

(OPTIONAL, NOT GRADED)Layout: In the mobile view, each section should take up the entire row. 

(Hint: use xs-based grid column class. Since you need to take up the entire row, use col-xs-12.) 

For a visual reference of this view, see the mobile mockup illustration below.

(OPTIONAL, NOT GRADED) Link the menu items "Chicken", "Beef", "Sushi" from the mobile-only menu drop down to jump to the part of the page those sections correspond to.

MOCKUP ILLUSTRATIONS ARE BELOW:

Please NOTE: these mockup illustrations show parts that are optional and not graded for this assignment. Please refer to the requirements above to confirm what parts of the mockup are required and graded and what parts are optional.

Here is the mockup illustration of the desktop version of the site: Desktop - optional

Here is the mockup illustration of the tablet version of the site:

Tablet - optional

Here is the mockup illustration of the mobile version of the site with the menu dropdown NOT open (on the left) and menu drop down open (on the right):

Mobile - Optional (Closed) Mobile - Optional (Open)
Contact GitHub API Training Shop Blog About
© 2017 GitHub, Inc. Terms Privacy Security Status Help